what's happening to said gallery well let's see I
just saw Dallas' video where he
tells his truth his version of what
happened in court I have to tell you that
in this video I'm going to try to be a little
more impartial and objective than I have
been in the previous two okay in this
third video of this trilogy and I hope it
's the last on this subject or at
least until we know some more
important information always don't blame too much
not for the fact that I'm not objective that I
'm not impartial and I always say I do
n't have to be I have my
personal opinion and I in this channel
this channel is called sabi oliveira I come
to share it but anyway let's give him
the benefit of the doubt let's not
imagine that I don't know any of those
affected in this matter and since I have
both versions I'm
going to draw my conclusions don't
forget very importantly I want to see
the results we're going to do the
voting again like if you think Dallas deserves
jail and dislike if you think he doesn't
first of all about Dallas I have to
say that I don't find
the way he's doing it half normal  of profiting from the
issue this is supposed to be something I'm not
going to be a hypocrite this is the third
video I make and I'm profiting from this
issue as much as I can but at the end of the day
I am a third party it does not
affect me the only thing that would affect me is
that if Dallas is found guilty I would hurt
for that girl but it is assumed that Dallas
being the main affected must be
worried about her future for what
may happen and with his mind on something else
and I see him with his mind on getting the
most out of it
since we are in December and gentlemen he is
monetizing triple the normal to
start the night before this
came to light he already started looking for
controversy by releasing a video about the
alleged abuse of Mieres a video
that from this point of view was unnecessary
then the news broke at dawn that
Dallas had the trial this Friday
and he flagged the video but uploaded it to
both channels the main and the secondary
with his good ads also in
each of these three videos he added the
advertising for his merchandising which is
something like bread well until death, they
sell cushions t-shirts
with their brand and it's something that for me
takes all the seriousness out of the matter the
same day of the trial while I was
traveling it seems that I couldn't wait to
upload something okay to get home and record
something I felt like it and took it and
uploaded to Dallas without filters a
10 minute piece of his live on
Instagram from the day before with a clip
you see that it shits you now he has just uploaded
his version of what happened in the
trial and threatens that he still has
a couple more videos on the
subject if he didn't want to profit no if his
intention was not to profit
I think it would have been the most logical thing to have
made a good long video like the
final video even if the video lasted
30 or 40 minutes but there it already added everything
the issue of clothing has been greatly criticized
and I am the first and I continue to
criticize it, it seems to me to be
unpresentable the way in which he
appeared dressed at the trial, I think
this is something that the first one who should have
told him was his lawyer,
listen  dude this is a very
serious thing not only because all
the media is here
everywhere but also because they are going to
judge you for alleged pedophilia if you
are a 25 year old guy who appears in
court dressed the way he is
dressed with his cap backwards and with his
cell phone in his hand recording everything it
looks like he is playing poker mont go
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] a serious guy I'm not
saying you should wear a jacket but dude put on
a blouse, a t-shirt, some shorts,
some shoes and comb your hair a little and
I'll clean up a detail that I think
no one has noticed is that the
[ __ ] dressed to the trial not
only the same as he spent the night in the
hotel where he did the Instagram live but the same as when he
left Ireland okay in the
afternoon when he left Ireland did some
stories on Instagram he was already
dressed in the same clothes that he appeared
the next day at the trial not
only was he making a fool of himself but
also it would stink of some cerrito
youtuber oh well look at least we know
that if you go to jail they will never  to [ __ ]
off because if you drop the
soap you're not going to bend down and pick it up and
then we don't have that attitude when we leave
the trial, the force night dance
[Music] no
words are needed about that there's a scene
where they say goodbye to the press
calling them come on guys see you
while he says goodbye to the blog on his
phone
and these things are not from a person who
fears nothing no and that's why he behaves like this
in these things they are from a person who
has no shame who has no sense of
ridicule and who is also disrespectful
if he didn't fear anything he wouldn't have been
nervous at all and in the end I must
have cried in court that no matter how much he
justified it he cried he
cried therefore he was very calm I
wasn't where I am going to give him a small
point it is on the issue of the press
that the press manipulates precisely the
video prior to this one I have explained to you a
case of manipulation towards another youtube
by the press and the thing is that the
press every time it can throw [ __ ]
at a youtube it will be but with great
or rather  this doesn't mean that dallas hasn't
done anything and that angel should open up and
that the press made it all up
no this doesn't mean that if there is something
because something shady there is you are the only one on
youtube where these types of accusations always surround him
you want to tell me that this is a
fallacy excuse me for saying girlfriend is
but I have never been on
tv and in all the news because
I have been linked to a line from that
year or because I have mistreated one of my
girlfriends or for anything almost always the fact the
case is that if there is something the press
will multiply it by five and will always
use specific words to make it
seem much more serious than it is
in fact the first newspaper to
speak out on this matter was El
Confidencial which just a week or two ago
I was in that same
newspaper that they were putting like 200 rags on me
for having made a video criticism
of Liszt for how she behaves with
her children on youtube and the thing I
have with her that she is trying by
all means to keep that video from coming
to light I think they should have
criticized  It's more important to her than to me,
they put whatever they wanted in
regards to what the trial says.
Well, first of all, I'm really struck by the
way they downplay the
age issue. He
adds a year to
his bathroom, not him being a stranger, and he adds
a few years to the victim, the supposed victim,
at the time everything happened, there's an
age difference of about six or seven
years, which is the best thing if we were
talking about people in their thirties or
forties, it wouldn't be
important, but if we're talking about
twenty-somethings, I know the truth is that
the importance is very screwed up. There are a lot of
people who blame him for having been with
Mieres, even though I'm going to pretend I'm younger, let's see if he
comes to judge the way he
treated her because it seemed despicable to me.
If he's 25 now and I'll pretend I'm 20.
When they were together, he was 21 and I was
16. The thing is, I looked it up and
the age of consent in Spain is
16, so it was bordering on the
legal line, something else that
seems logical to me, not logical.  moral whatever you
want to call it, I'm 22, 23,
24,
21, being with a 16 year old girl, well, it just does
n't sink in for me. It's just that mentalities
are not the same. God, I mean, by
law, a guy who is 32, 33, 40 years old could
be with a 16 year old girl, it could be
legal. Another thing is that it's [ __ ] disgusting. What I mean by
this is that he is a
pedophile, a pedophile, something like that. I don't
want to say that. I simply want to
point out that apparently he likes her
much younger than he has
always done. This is personal, not
everyone, we are not the same, but I have always been
attracted to her more or the same as me. Or if they are
younger than me, at least they should
appear to be and have a mentality
appropriate for my age or older than me.
Normally, I am usually attracted to women
older than me. Another conclusion that I have
drawn while I was listening to his
version of events is that maybe he
is not guilty, okay, because until he
is sentenced, we can like Dallas, we can hate
him all the way we want, whether we like him
more or less, until there
is  a
dallas sentence is innocent okay maybe in the
end it turns out that he is innocent and that he
is not guilty
whatever he is an [ __ ] maybe the
guy is disgusting he is normal but he is
innocent I don't know if you are understanding me
but I think that the guy is being
disgusting but always bordering a little on
what is legal
the fact is that he has an instinct that he
can believe is that of a flirt not an
alpha male which in the end is what is not very
intelligent when you are a youtube and you
start to move masses and when I say
move masses it does not necessarily have to
be millions we can be talking about
my numbers perfectly you have to be
responsible for how you act with your fans
as long as you have the slightest
relationship and when I say relationship I do
not mean sexual relationships I
simply mean a chat to talk
with a person who is a minor and
you are of legal age
you are responsible for what happens
you are responsible and in itself the
fact that you talk to a fan
exists there is a power relationship I
am not talking about sex being involved
nor am I saying everything in between simply
a friendship
and a power relationship because the  another
person will always see you as a
superior being not as a person with more
power not as if you are their idol and of
course if you are the popular known person
you have to be very careful
with what you say with your mouth with what you
do and measure your movements okay you can
be affectionate with the fans but I think
that you have to know how far to tell them how much to
give them trust because they are
your fans they are not your friends surely
this guy has happened to him on several
occasions because he is lacking affection
because nobody in real life loves them
because nobody can stand them because they have no
friends at heart but normally you have to
be very careful because in the end
sooner or later you are going to lose the
relationship with that fan or at least we call
that with you for anything or maybe it will
lead to him becoming obsessed with you and he will
want revenge and in the end everything that you
have spoken with him he will end up
saying it and the popular one is you and it will
come to light with this I am not
referring to the victim in this trial
I want to be very clear I am not
saying that the victim is acting in
reproach or anything like that I am coming
to refer to
control  a lot of what the
legal does as long as if you are of legal
age in the first place is the flirting
with a person who is of legal age and does
not have a partner or in other words what would not
be legal is that you have a partner and on
top of that he is flirting with one and on top of that she is a
minor because apart from the fact that it is
[ __ ] disgusting it will end up exploding in your
face
now I want to clarify one thing about what she
has said about me I will do it okay because the
truth is that I have not spoken with my I
will do this subject at all okay the little
relationship that I have had with her in the last few
weeks has nothing to do
with this subject nor do I want her to have it
okay this is my opinion and the thing is that
Dallas every time he puts her in the middle
to make it seem like everything everything that
happens to her is Mieres' fault he does it by
pointing the finger and making it look like all
she is looking for is money [ __ ]
him and money okay the only obsession to
send in life is to [ __ ] him and get
money from him because he is the
richest guy in the world I will do it he doesn't make
money with his things and she needs
her money because that complaint was not just
any complaint out in a
through gender violence for
loss of clients and claiming a
million dollar compensation and when my
lawyer told her that if a
million dollar compensation is what you
were really asking for I will do it she
got like pissed off she got very angry you
can say I don't know what this has to do
with the case the issue of throwing in her
face that in the complaint that she has the
and look that in my opinion that process is
still ongoing the issue of
her asking for compensation from my
point of view it is totally legitimate
because if what is being claimed here
is that Dallas on the internet has supposedly
defamed her and has done her a lot of harm
and in addition that has caused her to
lose collaborations with brands losing
subscribers and damage to her channel then
logically there is an economic loss
apart from what will I do if she has been to
psychologists and all that story that has
the expenses therefore asking for
compensation is not far-fetched it is
something that has its logic let's imagine
that I am in the ring
getting on a plane  and I run into David
Bisbal who is a guy who has a lot of
money
we are having an argument over some
misunderstanding David Vivar gets angry and
when he puts his hands in the middle he
drops my phone and breaks it I am
reporting him okay and it's not that I'm
reporting him for the assault but I
'm asking him to
pay for the phone he has broken damn and I'm
not doing this because David
Bisbal has a lot of money and he
wants to take advantage of me I'm doing this
because it has caused me financial damages that's why it's
called damages or
compensation the fact is that Dallas
is always making me look like I'm
taking advantage like a separate house and
regarding the conspiracy group,
people have come to me many times to
tell me their problems and I heard to the extent
possible I have reached out to him or
at least I have listened to him and I have
advised him well I imagine that I will do the
same thing could have happened to me just like
Dallas is telling that that fan
came to him telling him family problems and his
relationship with her was to advise her well the
same could have happened to me I will do
this  It doesn't mean that there's a
conspiracy that they called me
to testify because it also makes sense
because she's a person who has
an open case with Dallas and this
influences how to see Dallas okay being the
judge as you'll see Dallas what background does he
have that if I think he goes to
jail I think he won't go to jail
I think it's going to be more of a
big scare because I think he's not going to
jail because however my
personal opinion and this is my personal opinion is
not what's going to happen or what he at
least deserves in view of
everyone but my personal opinion is that there is
something maybe there isn't a
sexual assault maybe not an abuse
but my personal opinion is that something if
when I say something it could be a dirty or
a conversation an insinuation or a
loss of photos not that maybe he
saw the girl and sexually attracted her
and tried a dirty
as it is vulgarly called I
personally believe that there is something and that is
why the prosecutor's office and the police that have been
investigating Dallas for two years
okay dressed in civilian clothes watching the
hotels  at the book signing
something was done wrong, something that Dallas didn't know, I
think, because something
and conversations that later those
conversations have not been considered
valid because they have not been through an
expert, I keep my mouth shut. Anyway,
I'm saying what I believe, I can't
lie, but I think that there is something
that later maybe cannot be
condemned because it cannot be proven,
because some things are not considered valid
or because Rosell or legally it's worth it,
because maybe it's not an assault,
because maybe it's not rape,
because maybe I don't know what the law is, I
keep my mouth shut. The thing is that I think this is
because I have received information from Dallas and they have
not always come from the same side.
When they always come to you from the same
side, well, maybe you can
attribute it to conspiracies, obsessions, and
all this that Dallas wants to justify,
but when the information comes to you from
various points from people who have
nothing to do with each other, well, it's
normal for me to think that when there is
noise, water flows, that maybe then neither
the bad guys are so bad nor the good guys
are so good, but I can't lie and I
think that there is
that maybe I'm wrong because I don't
know but I have my personal opinion
that Dallas is guilty and deserves
jail time, that's for the law to decide. Okay,
until the moment there's a
sentence, he's innocent. Yes, when it turns
out that you're guilty,
the very little hair you have left is going to fall out
in that cardboard case you have
on your head because we're going to beat you up to
the roof of your mouth. and this is not
even giving Dallas a vote of confidence
or anything, this is simply what there is,
being totally neutral, this is what there is,
okay, right now I wouldn't give him even
the tip of my fingers
for the simple possibility that he
's guilty and he did that to
a little girl, but I personally believe
that he's not going to jail. Okay,
listen, maybe I'm wrong, okay, I
don't have the absolute truth. I'm
simply here on my channel to
convey what I think. I'll be
reading your comments, guys,
until the next video.